## Error when SomeClassLibrary is included in the project and referenced by the ConsoleApp

[18:17:08 ERR] Msbuild failed when processing the file 'C:\work\kaseyu\FindAllReferences\FindAllReferences.csproj' with message: C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Enterprise\MSBuild\15.0\Bin\Microsoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets: (1656, 5): The "GetReferenceNearestTargetFrameworkTask" task could not be instantiated from the assembly "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Enterprise\Common7\IDE\CommonExtensions\Microsoft\NuGet\NuGet.Build.Tasks.dll". Please verify the task assembly has been built using the same version of the Microsoft.Build.Framework assembly as the one installed on your computer and that your host application is not missing a binding redirect for Microsoft.Build.Framework. Unable to cast object of type 'NuGet.Build.Tasks.GetReferenceNearestTargetFrameworkTask' to type 'Microsoft.Build.Framework.ITask'.
C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Enterprise\MSBuild\15.0\Bin\Microsoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets: (1656, 5): The "GetReferenceNearestTargetFrameworkTask" task has been declared or used incorrectly, or failed during construction. Check the spelling of the task name and the assembly name.
[18:17:08 ERR] Msbuild failed when processing the file 'C:\work\kaseyu\SomeClassLibrary\SomeClassLibrary.csproj' with message: C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Enterprise\MSBuild\15.0\Bin\Roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets: (52, 5): The "Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.BuildTasks.Csc" task could not be loaded from the assembly C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\Enterprise\MSBuild\15.0\Bin\Roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll. Could not load file or assembly 'Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core, Version=14.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b03f5f7f11d50a3a' or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified. Confirm that the <UsingTask> declaration is correct, that the assembly and all its dependencies are available, and that the task contains a public class that implements Microsoft.Build.Framework.ITask.
[18:17:10 INF] Class: SomeEntity
[18:17:10 WRN]  PropertyNotMapped: 0 references.
[18:17:11 WRN]  PropertyMappedButNotReferenced: `0 references`.
[18:17:11 WRN]  PropertyMappedAndReferenced: `1 references`.
Press any key to continue...
